URL list from Monday, Apr. 29 2019 10:33 AM
To copy this list, type [Ctrl] A, then type [Ctrl] C. 

garagehackbox Dashboard - Microsoft Azure
https://ms.portal.azure.com/#@microsoft.onmicrosoft.com/dashboard/arm/subscriptions/c2ca6f80-844a-4489-ab58-ea93bab75698/resourcegroups/default/providers/microsoft.portal/dashboards/0008b054-d38e-4f12-9997-dc3eaa482abd-dashboard

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/monitor_diagnostic_setting.html

Continuous monitoring with Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/continuous-monitoring

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_log_analytics_solution - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/log_analytics_solution.html

Azure Monitor: Send monitoring data to an event hub | Blog | Microsoft Azure
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/blog/azure-monitor-send-monitoring-data-to-an-event-hub/

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects#deployifnotexists-example

Stream Azure Diagnostic Logs to an event hub | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-event-hubs

Stream Azure Diagnostics data to Event Hubs | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostics-extension-stream-event-hubs

Azure Diagnostic Logs supported services and schemas | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-schema

terraform azure OMS VM extension - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50440676/terraform-azure-oms-vm-extension

Azure Cloud Shell
https://shell.azure.com/?prompt=True

How to onboard Azure Monitor for containers | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/insights/container-insights-onboard

Docker-Provider/oms.go at ci_feature_prod 路 Microsoft/Docker-Provider
https://github.com/Microsoft/Docker-Provider/blob/ci_feature_prod/source/code/go/src/plugins/oms.go

Splunk Metrics via Telegraf
https://www.splunk.com/blog/2018/11/30/splunk-metrics-via-telegraf.html

[Compute API] Add `Basic Monitoring` flag to Compute API 路 Issue #1534 路 Azure/azure-rest-api-specs
https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/issues/1534

terraform-azure-linux-vm/main.tf at master 路 rcarmo/terraform-azure-linux-vm
https://github.com/rcarmo/terraform-azure-linux-vm/blob/master/linux/main.tf

Send Guest OS metrics to the Azure Monitor metric store using a Resource Manager template for a Windows virtual machine | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/collect-custom-metrics-guestos-resource-manager-vm

Add monitoring & diagnostics to an Azure virtual machine | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/extensions/diagnostics-template?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects#deployifnotexists-example

RPGs (CSE Social) | Microsoft Teams
https://teams.microsoft.com/_#/conversations/RPGs?threadId=19:4e01fb81aacf48809d2f7cb4ea2003f4@thread.skype&ctx=channel

Notifications
https://github.com/notifications

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_assignment - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/policy_assignment.html

Tab-Snap - Chrome Web Store
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tab-snap/ajjloplcjllkammemhenacfjcccockde/related
