https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/log-query/splunk-cheatsheet
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-schema

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

azure-quickstart-templates/splunk-on-ubuntu at master · Azure/azure-quickstart-templates
https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/tree/master/splunk-on-ubuntu

Dashboard - Microsoft Azure
https://ms.portal.azure.com/#@microsoft.onmicrosoft.com/dashboard/private/71701be8-6d3b-4808-b36c-35637983d00e

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_role_assignment - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/role_assignment.html

Remediate non-compliant resources - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/how-to/remediate-resources

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Stream Azure Diagnostic Logs to an event hub | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-event-hubs

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_assignment - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/policy_assignment.html#identity-1

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Details of the policy definition structure - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/definition-structure

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects#deployifnotexists-example

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects

Dashboard - Microsoft Azure
https://ms.portal.azure.com/#@microsoft.onmicrosoft.com/dashboard/private/71701be8-6d3b-4808-b36c-35637983d00e

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Configuring Azure Resources Diagnostic Log Settings Using Azure Policy | Managing Cloud and Datacenter by Tao Yang
https://blog.tyang.org/2018/11/19/configuring-azure-resources-diagnostic-log-settings-using-azure-policy/

AzureDeploy/appGWAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/blob/master/ARM/azPolicies/AzureMonitor/appGWAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json

AzureDeploy/ARM/deployments at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM/deployments

AzureDeploy/ARM at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM

AzureDeploy/ehNamespacesAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/blob/master/ARM/azPolicies/AzureMonitor/ehNamespacesAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json

AzureDeploy/ARM/azMonSamples at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM/azMonSamples

azurepolicy/policy.definition.azuredeploy.json at master · tyconsulting/azurepolicy
https://github.com/tyconsulting/azurepolicy/blob/master/arm-templates/diagnostic-settings/policy.definition.azuredeploy.json

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_recovery_services_protected_vm - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/recovery_services_protected_vm.html

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_management_lock - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/management_lock.html

Resources - 0.11 Configuration Language - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html

Azure Diagnostic Logs supported services and schemas | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-schema


URL list from Thursday, May. 2 2019 19:19 PM
To copy this list, type [Ctrl] A, then type [Ctrl] C. 

Azure Pipelines Documentation - Azure DevOps Services | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/devops/pipelines/?view=azure-devops

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

azure-quickstart-templates/splunk-on-ubuntu at master · Azure/azure-quickstart-templates
https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/tree/master/splunk-on-ubuntu

Dashboard - Microsoft Azure
https://ms.portal.azure.com/#@microsoft.onmicrosoft.com/dashboard/private/71701be8-6d3b-4808-b36c-35637983d00e

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_role_assignment - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/role_assignment.html

Remediate non-compliant resources - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/how-to/remediate-resources

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Stream Azure Diagnostic Logs to an event hub | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-event-hubs

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_assignment - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/policy_assignment.html#identity-1

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Details of the policy definition structure - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/definition-structure

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects#deployifnotexists-example

Understand how effects work - Azure Policy | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/effects

Dashboard - Microsoft Azure
https://ms.portal.azure.com/#@microsoft.onmicrosoft.com/dashboard/private/71701be8-6d3b-4808-b36c-35637983d00e

Automatically enable diagnostic settings using a Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-stream-template

Configuring Azure Resources Diagnostic Log Settings Using Azure Policy | Managing Cloud and Datacenter by Tao Yang
https://blog.tyang.org/2018/11/19/configuring-azure-resources-diagnostic-log-settings-using-azure-policy/

AzureDeploy/appGWAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/blob/master/ARM/azPolicies/AzureMonitor/appGWAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json

AzureDeploy/ARM/deployments at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM/deployments

AzureDeploy/ARM at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM

AzureDeploy/ehNamespacesAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/blob/master/ARM/azPolicies/AzureMonitor/ehNamespacesAzMonDeloyIfNotExists.json

AzureDeploy/ARM/azMonSamples at master · krnese/AzureDeploy
https://github.com/krnese/AzureDeploy/tree/master/ARM/azMonSamples

azurepolicy/policy.definition.azuredeploy.json at master · tyconsulting/azurepolicy
https://github.com/tyconsulting/azurepolicy/blob/master/arm-templates/diagnostic-settings/policy.definition.azuredeploy.json

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_recovery_services_protected_vm - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/recovery_services_protected_vm.html

Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_management_lock - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/management_lock.html

Resources - 0.11 Configuration Language - Terraform by HashiCorp
https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html

Use an object as a parameter in an Azure Resource Manager template | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/building-blocks/extending-templates/objects-as-parameters

copy loop arm properties - Google Search
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=copy+loop+arm+properties&oq=copy+loop+arm+properties&aqs=chrome..69i57.18766j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Story: Writing Scripts with Go
https://gist.github.com/posener/73ffd326d88483df6b1cb66e8ed1e0bd

Go by Example: Range
https://gobyexample.com/range

Azure Diagnostic Logs supported services and schemas | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-logs-schema
